hey everyone so I'm just not getting off
work and I'm gonna do it on my card V
logs I feel like talking y'all what I
will be talking about today is ways to
know that a guy like shooting um there's
a lot of ways to know but these are some
of the ways that i personally take into
account and so make sure at the end of
the video you add your comments about
how you know if a guy likes sure not now
first things first a guy that looks you
in the eye like if a guy looks you in
the eye most of the time he's like you
know cuz a lot of guys are gonna be
looking other places if you know what I
mean but if he looks you in the eye and
he can't hardly look off you might catch
him staring at you yeah he likes you
especially when y'all are in a
conversation when he just right there he
liked you um he constantly wants your
attention like he'll do stuff just to
get you to look at him like just he just
want your attention and he'll do
whatever he needs to do to get your
attention um he smiles at you a lot I
got it smiles at you a lot he is really
crushing on you he feeling you and he
wants you to smile back in him and
people that wink and stuff I don't know
people still do that but that kind of go
hand in hand smiling and weaken at
somebody he strikes up a conversation
with you a guy that likes you he will
find ways he will find things to talk
about just say
to you whether it's about the weather
about anything he just wants to talk to
you because he wants to have a
conversation with you that's a way to
tell something you know he may like you
if he calls and texts you like you don't
you don't you're not the one who's
always initiating the text or the call
like if he initiates the text in the
call that's a good thing because
sometimes like if you don't want who all
you always got to text them like they
don't ever take sure you I was going to
call him that's the bad guy but if he
takes it he calls you he obviously wants
to speak to you wants to talk to you he
wants to know what you're doing yeah
that's a good sign if his friends teased
him while you're around that's a good
sign because they already know whether
you know or not they already know that
he likes you so they're gonna drive be
teased and him and do a little stuff
while in your presence he'd probably
like shooting if he friendly teases you
like if he makes fun of the way you talk
or laugh or something that you do like
he you know in a friendly manner he
teaches you he probably likes you
because a lot of men would do
when they like you they're going to
teach you if he constantly wants to make
plans to chill with you like you know
he's always like what you doing this
weekend or what you doing it on the day
or you know he's trying to figure out a
way to beat himself into your schedule
he probably likes you if he buys gifts
may be like I'm not trying to say like
to try to fight you but you know some
guys maybe if maybe when you're in a
relationship or something I don't know
well I give you know some guys buying
tips or whatever he probably likes you
if he tries to fit you in his schedule
like if he's a busy person like he
always working he go to school etc but
he will make he will try to clear
something out of his schedule instead
she eating he probably likes shoes
because there's a lot of people were
busy nowadays you know they have the
word go to school and do other things
but if he makes time and room for you in
his schedule they probably like shoot
let's see he starts to call you names of
endearment like they he starts 62 my
sabay hun baby queen
princess I don't know just in terms of
indoor me y'all know what they are he's
been calling you didn't aim and you get
the smiling yeah he probably likes you
and one more let's see he wants he wants
to know more about you like as far as
like you're having a conversation he
wants to know what kind of music you
like what kind of movies you like what
do you like to do in your spare time he
wants to know about you and your life
period in general who's asking questions
like that he probably likes you so those
are just some of the things that I pick
up about a person if I they like me make
sure the child leave y'all come is down
below and if you have any questions or
comments just let me know thanks for
watching